Refactor Cordova Docs (#3314)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/javascript/guides/cordova/troubleshooting.mdx

---
title: Troubleshooting
description: "Troubleshoot and resolve issues when submitting to iTunes Connect."
sidebar_order: 1000
---

If you need help solving issues with your Sentry Cordova integration, you can read the edge cases documented here. If you need additional help, you can view our forums, and customers on a paid plan may also contact support.

> ## Error When Submitting to iTunes Connect

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Error When Submitting to App Store Connect
```

> If you are receiving an error while submitting your build to iTunes Connect, this script is likely missing. In addition, re-adding the plugin can resolve the error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are receiving an error while submitting your build to App Store Connect, this script is likely missing. In addition, re-adding the plugin can resolve the error.
```
